I'm not wrong.
Stop shooting, stop shooting.
harm others
Let me out! Let me out!
Go to the police station later.
Wait, come out, my many years of friendship, I can't destroy you.
Why do you have a nose to say that?
If I'm not lucky
I was ruined by you a long time ago.
Snow, I know I'm wrong.
I shouldn't, I should be confident, I swear.
Sins can be forgiven.
Doing evil yourself is impossible.
Everything you do
They will eventually be punished by the law.
Take it.
Head Office
Everybody.
This was a little show before I got married.
Now that the show is over, we'll continue.
Everyone eats well and drinks well.
Now the ceremony is over.
Is it time to get married next?
This really isn't working.
He'll be shy.